changefeed: add more tips for RCU performance (#17939)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-billing-ticdc-rcu.md

> **Note:**
>

> > The preceding performance data is for reference only and might vary in different scenarios. Please do a real workload test before going to production. If you need further help, please contact [Customer Support](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/tidb-cloud-support#get-support-for-a-cluster).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The preceding performance data is for reference only and might vary in different scenarios. It is strongly recommended that you do a real workload test before going to production. If you need further help, contact [Customer Support](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/tidb-cloud-support#get-support-for-a-cluster).
```

> **Note:**
>

> > The preceding performance data is for reference only and might vary in different scenarios. It is strongly recommended that you do a real workload test before going to production. If you need further help, contact [Customer Support](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/tidb-cloud-support#get-support-for-a-cluster).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> The preceding performance data is for reference only and might vary in different scenarios. It is strongly recommended that you conduct a real workload test before using the changefeed feature in a production environment. For further assistance, contact [TiDB Cloud support](/tidbcloud/tidb-cloud-support.md#get-support-for-a-cluster).
```

> > The preceding performance data is for reference only and might vary in different scenarios. It is strongly recommended that you conduct a real workload test before using the changefeed feature in a production environment. For further assistance, contact [TiDB Cloud support](/tidbcloud/tidb-cloud-support.md#get-support-for-a-cluster).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> The preceding performance data is for reference only and might vary in different scenarios. It is strongly recommended that you conduct a real workload test before using the changefeed feature in a production environment. For further assistance, contact [TiDB Cloud support](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-support.md#get-support-for-a-cluster).
```
